Hello dear friends with you vulture and
Today I will tell you how to open
minecraft server over local network
using the hamachi program in general for
beginning we need the hamachi link itself
the download will be in the description when you
go push the button you will
sounding all that out think of yourself
nickname and you will be offered a new network click
create a new network creates such a password
such password and password need to be confirmed
that is 123 123
generally create everything okay and that's the type
such a
created and we see that one person then
we have it in general we are already here with
rydar created grime at all then
connect to you man he should
be green and be sure to have you
must be loved not wi-fi namely
and namely the wired connection because
that through Wi-Fi, well, as if the port is not
read through right through in general then
will have to learn through the wire
through alpha and no job at all
I will also want why they are obtained
why it does not work and then I understood everything
what I have in general
wi-fi everything connects your friend
tell him this ip i have a mouse
lags
copy ip
throw for example not skype threw go
Maynkravt itself open 4 turn on all
what do you want there are tuning 4 what
this is open to see our sport now
write two.
and write this port port us 5454 624 624
in general, then ip server sports
this time you have to just go in
where do you go for this card go
again open the world to the net and just
we speak then ip remains cut in
In general, I told you everything
gray opens through local
connection
I repeat again I do not need wi-fi need
wired connection without
his server will simply not work in
Well, I told you everything
Subscribe rate comment
good luck everyone all bye